Use "pre-release" in prose and `Prerelease` in code (#5697)
astral-sh/uv: STYLE.md

## Terminology

1. Use "lockfile" not "lock file".

> 2. Use "pre-release", not "prerelease" (but `Prerelease`, not `PreRelease`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use "pre-release", not "prerelease" (except in code, in which case, use `Prerelease`, not `PreRelease` and `prerelease`, not `pre_release`).
```

commas a little out of control here

Author: Could there be any more commas
